November 2013-present
Sprint Corporation, 6200 Sprint Parkway, Overland Park, KS
Fraud Specialist I – Cyber Fraud Investigations

Investigate consumer and business equipment orders placed through sprint.com to uncover potential fraud. Proactively track known “Fraud Rings” to reduce and prevent fraud losses. Creating process documents that are unique to my team. Review alerts within internal tools to detect equipment fraud on customer accounts. Create, modify, and review queries to uncover fraudulent activity.


December 2011-November 2013
Sprint Corporation, 6200 Sprint Parkway, Overland Park, KS
Bilingual Fraud Representative II - Investigations

Investigate consumer and business accounts for identity theft, equipment, add a phone and technical fraud. Assist in handling executive escalations. Assisted in creating process improvements involving “Outside Collections Agency Referral” process, Victim Assistance Flow Chart, and Spyware/Hacking Detection document. Assist in training new staff. Assist in uncovering and tracking fraud rings through proactive work and providing the proper referrals for further investigation.


August 2010-December 2011
Sprint Corporation, 6200 Sprint Parkway, Overland Park, KS
Bilingual Fraud Representative I – Victim Assistance

Handling a variety of inbound calls with intelligence to improve routing efficiency. Assisting victims with fraud inquiries – including subscription fraud, equipment fraud, add a phone fraud, and technical fraud. Preforming account analysis and effectively using internal and external tools to determine the right course of action. Providing caller with guidance in resolving their issue.


March 2010-July 2010
Comcast Communications, 772 N Ridgeview Rd, Olathe, KS
Residential Accounts Executive/Direct Sales Representative

Go door to door to acquire new revenue generating accounts. Evaluate customer accounts and fulfill customer request to keep customers happy.


July 2007-December 2009
Nexus Medical LLC, 11315 Strang Line Rd, Lenexa, KS
Lead Quality Control Inspector

Preform visual and functional tests on all manufactured and packaged products. Research and develop new quality control inspection processes for current and future product lines. Provide training and mentoring to other associates as needed.
